README.md, before:

# Bootcamp-Challenge-1- Code Refactor

To complete this project, I was provided started code of a mock website that needed semantics added and code refactored to make the website more search friendly and reader accessible. Using knowledge from class, and teammate consultation,  I was able to remove redundant and non-semantic code whilst adding correct semantics and attributes without breaking the layout. 

The hardest aspect I had to deal with was starting. With this being the first code I've ever worked with, looking at it was overwhelming. My instructor was able to hint at a good place to start and that is what I did. From there, I picked apart the easier, less coded areas to build my confindence as I worked. The final stylesheet edits did prove to be elusive but working with fellow classmates and testing ideas helped overcome that hurdle. 

By taking chances and working my way through this challenge, I was able to apply the structures and attributes learned in the first week and also assist other classmates with their questions. "See one, Do one, Teach One".

Commit message:

updated readme with link and preview

README.md, after:

# Bootcamp-Challenge-1- Code Refactor
![site preview](./assets/images/site%20preview.png "site preview")

To complete this project, I was provided starter code of a mock website that needed semantics added and code refactored to make the website more search friendly and reader accessible. Using knowledge from class, and teammate consultation,  I was able to remove redundant and non-semantic code whilst adding correct semantics and attributes without breaking the layout. 

The hardest aspect I had to deal with was starting. With this being the first code I've ever worked with, looking at it was overwhelming. My instructor was able to hint at a good place to start and that is what I did. From there, I picked apart the easier, less coded areas to build my confindence as I worked. The final stylesheet edits did prove to be elusive but working with fellow classmates and testing ideas helped overcome that hurdle. 

By taking chances and working my way through this challenge, I was able to apply the structures and attributes learned in the first week and also assist other classmates with their questions. "See one, Do one, Teach One".

#deployed link 
https://ruggerheist.github.io/Bootcamp-Challenge-1/
